# Rhyming Truths

To rhyme all the time is woeful curse,  
But in all honesty, it could be worse!  
When I found the withered monkey's paw,  
At first, I stared at it in utter awe!  
I thought long and hard about what to say,  
But it still got me and turned me this way.  
I wished that everything I said came true,  
But I started to rhyme out of the blue!  

I figured this meant I got my power.  
I could rule the world! Make bullies cower!  
I could warp reality to my whim,  
Or force my folks to say, "I'm proud of him!"  
I jumped in the shower and had a thought,  
I could stop battles before they were fought!  
My newfound power could usher in peace!  
But wouldn't that make a weird space-time crease?  

I couldn't risk changing the world too much,  
I had seen this trope in movies and such.  
I thought I should start with little white truths,  
Things to help me out with my fellow youths.  
I stepped out of the shower, steam arose.  
I looked into the mirror and then froze.  
"That is perfect," I thought, "Let me do that."  
My body was gross. I could trim my fat.  

**"You are thin, fit, and beautiful to boot,**  
**When people look at you, they give a hoot!"**  
I really should have paid more attention...  
My body changed in water retention!  
After the change, I became a cute girl,  
I looked at myself and did a quick twirl.  
I thought to myself, "This isn't half bad,  
I wonder if my parents would be mad..."  

**"You have always been cute, attractive, and smart.**  
**You excel in math, history, and art.**  
**You are the fastest swimmer in the pool,**  
**And there is no one that calls you a fool."**  
Soon, all the memories came flooding in,  
"You are happy," I thought, "Always have been."  
I knew it was wrong, but it felt so right...  
So I couldn't help but squeal in delight.  

When I went downstairs, I saw my dad too,  
He then hugged me and said, "I'm proud of you."  
My powers are awesome, mighty, and great,  
But I kinda just wanted a clean slate.  
When I was the old me, I was a dunce,  
I really wanted happiness for once.  
Now that it's found, I do *not* want to change.  
I'll do my best not to say something strange.  

I'm trying to get better with poetry! Sorry!

---
[Prompt: Anything you say comes true, but with a catch...your sentences need to rhyme.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/k79ur5/wp_anything_you_say_comes_true_but_with_a/)
