# Something to Hide

I have to be honest.
I am the worst possible liar.

A friend of mine, Jessica, has recently spent 5 years of her live intensely devoted to a single topic.
At the end of this process, she published a paper or two and finished her PhD.
Now this is a great achievement and certainly worth celebrating; however, Jessica is relatively shy.
In fact, she's so shy, I don't know if I've ever heard her say more than a single sentence at a time in front of a group of people.
Despite that, she has a lot of friends who want to celebrate with her.
We all knew she would be against any type of party or gathering, so we started organizing in private.

It started out with a simple potluck where everyone would bring some sort of sweet dish to a secret location outside of the room where she was giving her defense.
Then people thought it would be a good idea to bring alcohol and decorate a special hat for her with memorabilia from her time at the university.
People stalked her facebook to find her parents and agreed to call them after the defense was done.
Surprisingly, her parents did not even know she was near the end of her PhD!
Then came the really crazy stuff.

In academia, researchers regularly go to conferences around the world.
To facilitate discussion, they usually print out a larger poster to bring with them; however, due to travel restrictions, these posters are sometimes printed on cloth instead of paper.
Unfortunately, these cloth posters are useless outside of the conference, itself, and will sometimes just sit in labs for years after students have graduated.
Knowing this, some people wanted to make a dress for Jessica out of her old posters.
Everyone thought it would be a great idea, but I secretly knew Jessica would hate all the attention.

With all this planned, there would be around 50 people in attendance, which was huge.
We needed to specifically ask for a large lecture room to support everyone and someone needed to lead Jessica to that room after her defense.
That someone was, unfortunately, me.

There are two simultaneous truths about PhD defences:
1. It is almost impossible to fail. At least with our university, by the time the defense is happening, the student should have already proven themselves as an adequate researcher through their publication history.
If your advisor thinks you are ready for the defense, you almost certainly are.
2. It is one of the most nerve-wracking experiences imaginable.

Here's the thing. You know your research is solid. They know your research is solid.
Objectively, there is absolutely no way you could fail; however, subjectively, it feels like you have spent 5 years building up to this moment.
With that in mind, your mind plays cruel tricks on you and begins conjuring up every possible way the defense could go wrong.
During this phase, it is rare to see the student in the office at all because they are usually at home mentally preparing themselves.

Since I was the one that had to lead Jessica to her after party, I also had to be on the lookout for her when she came to the office before her defense.
On the rare occasion where Jessica *did* come to the office, she was in and out in a matter of 30 minutes.
I was barely able to keep track of her, but as she left the office and made her way down the hallway, I followed her to ask her some simple questions.

"Hey Jessica!" I called, "Do you have a minute?"

She turned around, clearly exhausted, but tried to put on a cheery face, saying, "Yeah, sure. Let's grab a meeting room."

Oh, uh. Ok. So I knew we didn't need a meeting room, right? I mean, I just had to ask her, *What are you doing immediately after your defense.* That's it. But I thought that would be too obvious, so I instead said, "Yeah. I.. Need to ask about your research and thought now would be a good time since you are in the office."

We kinda awkwardly shuffled back to my desk where I booked a nearby room and sat down. I didn't know what to say, so we sat there awkwardly for a second before Jessica started the conversation, "So what do you need help with? I thought you were studying something quite different, right?"

"Right, yeah. I am; however, I thought it would be a good idea to..." I really didn't know what to say, "... Ask you about how you calculated the expected value of the probability density functions in your latest paper."

She looked at me for a second, obviously thinking, *didn't you cover this in high school. Why are you asking me this?* But instead, she graciously said, "Oh, actually. I kinda struggled at that because..."

Ok. So I gotta be honest. I sat her there for literally and hour and could not figure out how to ask her about the defense and in particular what she was doing *after* it.
Instead, I asked the following question, "So, what are you doing on Thursday?"

She shook her head a bit, clearly confused, "My defense?"

"Oh, right." I nodded, pretending I forgot, "Yeah, the defense. You have any plans after?"

"Not really, but I almost certainly don't want to see anyone. Just want to go home and sleep."

"Oh, right." Well, this is awkward, "So, what if you *did* meet people?"

"I'd probably try to avoid them."

Right, ok. "Well, I'll let you get to it. You are probably busy preparing and everything, right?"

"Yeah, but we can meet again on Friday after the defense."

When I returned to the office, other members of the research unit asked how the conversation went and whether I had accidentally told Jessica about the surprise.
I didn't have the heart to tell them to call the party off, so I instead said, "Don't worry, she's not expecting anything!"

So them came the day of the defense, itself.
I know Jessica was more nervous than I was, but I was sweating bullets.
I was constantly rehearsing different ways in which I could lure Jessica to the right room for her afterparty.
I couldn't think of anything good.

