## Peter Shelly

Peter Shelly (1972 - present) is an American psychologist best known for his work on transhumanism and the controversy regarding his book, **The Diseased Mind**. [1]
The book initially received immense criticism due to it's morbid depictions of human enhancement through mechanical operations such as grafting muscle tissue to metal plates, [1][2] or training a neural network via human neuronal activity. [1][2][3][4][5]
Several doctors and scientists have claimed that such operations would not only be impossible, but highly unethical. [6][7]

In response to this criticism, Shelly wrote:

> The human mind has long surpassed it's body. It is time we acknowledge our physical limits and surpass them

On December 31st, 2021, pieces of Shelly's body were found buried under Boston University Bridge. [8][9]
After forensic studies, it was found that there were 3 Femer bones, all with Shelly's DNA, [10] and that some of the body parts seemed to belong to unknown relatives. [11]
Upon further investigation, the police could not find an official residence for Shelly and found his clinic had been shut down for years before the incident.

This case is still ongoing.

#### Contents:
* Early life
* Theories of death
* Ongoing investigation

### Early life

Peter Shelly was born in Clemont, New Jersey where he lived as a single child with his parents: Paul and Pearle Shelly. [12]
As a child, Shelly was considered to be exceptionally gifted and advanced several grades above those of his own age.
In *The Diseased Mind*, Shelly wrote:

> My childhood was relatively happy, despite the bullying from my peers. I learned to ignore them and focus on what I cared about most: science and philosophy.

At the age of 14, Shelly was admitted into MIT where he studied a number of different engineering disciplines along with clinical psychology.
After university, he opened a small clinic in Boston, Massachusetts, where he remained until 2021 [clarification needed].

### Theories of death

On December 31, 2021, pieces of Shelly's body were found under Boston University Bridge.
After weeks of investigation, police have still not determined the exact cause of death; however, they have found several anomalies:

* An extra Femer with Shelly's exact DNA structure [10]
* A pinky toe with the DNA from an unnamed relative of Shelly [11]
* Large amounts of hair from various individuals, all of which seemed to be variations on Shelly's DNA [13]

Due to the bizarre nature of the incident and Shelly's prominence as a trans-humanist, several abnormal theories have arisen, including the idea that Shelly had been breeding clones of himself to replace malfunctioning parts of his own body. [14]
On January 17th, 2022, Theodore Malcom, a member of the investigation team said, "It is unlikely that Shelly has kidnapped any local people; however, we can not rule out that possibility." [15]
This caused several public officials to call for the closing of nearby universities; however, no such action has been taken yet.

### Ongoing investigation

The police contacted Shelly's last known patient who had this to say:

> Shelly was a good psychologist. He always listened, provided good, constructive feedback and prescribed what he felt was necessary. On the last meeting with him, he told me that he was shutting down his clinic to pursue other ... ventures in life. I did not press him ... A few years later, I found myself walking past the clinic and decided to peer through the window to see if he was still there. There was no one home, just piles and piles of ... hair. I don't know why, but that freaked me out good and proper. I never went near that place again. [16]

Several other individuals claimed that the office always had it's lights on, and there was always someone working behind the curtains.
Around a year ago, slightly after Shelly closed his clinic, the police would receive calls about strange looking people who had discolored eyes or were missing arms or legs.
Though these reports were filed, no police was ever dispatched to look into them further. [17]
Even so, the area around Shelly's clinic is now heavily patrolled. [18]

On February 5th, 2022, Theodore Malcom made the following statement [19]:

> Though we are not sure how, we are convinced that Shelly is still alive and may be still active in Boston. If you know anything about this matter or see anyone that remotely resembles Shelly, please call 911 immediately.

He refused to comment further on the matter, as is was "borderline science fiction" and he did not want to "alarm the locals." [19]

There were several new online communities created to discuss Shelly's most recent whereabouts and theories of his death, most notably r/shelleyshelly on reddit.com which believed Shelly was turning himself into a modern monster, akin to Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. [20, 21]
This idea was loosely based on a quote from *The diseased mind*, where Shelly wrote:

> If two identical twins (let's call them Dawn and Shawn) decided to surgically switch each part of their body one-by-one, who would be who in the end? Clearly Dawn would still be Dawn, just in Shawn's body! The human mind controls the body! Similarly, if one could grow a replica of themselves and constantly replace their own parts with younger versions of themselves, then they have the key to immortality.

The investigation is still ongoing

### References
---

[1] ...
...
[21] ...

---

Prompt: [Write a horror story in the format of a Wikipedia article.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/spu5pr/wp_write_a_horror_story_in_the_format_of_a/)
