# The Second Chance

There was a screech. A howl. A gutting scream.  \
I then looked around. *This must be a dream.   \
This day, I liied it. Just hours before!*  \
I then found my body, resting ashore.  \
There was a girl nearby, sitting atop.  \
Crying so deeply that she couldn't stop.  \
She pumped and she pumped, yet no breath came back.  \
For I was here. Not in that lifeless sack.

To my right stood an angel, wings aglow.  \
He waved me to silence, saying, "I know."  \
Though the scene was grotesque, silence rang out.  \
It drowned out the girl, no matter her shout.  \
Together, we watched the hours pass by.  \
And then, night time. She could no longer try.

The stars were static. My mind was asleep.  \
I was in a trance. My thoughts were not deep.  \
Soon the sky, moon, sea, and trees were gone.  \
Just me. The angel, "Let's not drag this on.  \
You made a mistake. A big one at that.  \
After this grave error, we need to chat.  \
There is nothing -- nothing -- worse you could do.  \
See what you have just put your loved one through?  \
There are times for action. Places for thought.  \
Folly after folly made you distraught.  \
You life was a rope, yours began to fray,  \
But that doesn't mean you should throw it away!  \
With time and care, you can tie up the slack,  \
But when it's gone it's gone. It won't come back."

Light then enshrouded the angel's halo.  \
It then burned with white flame and said, "Now go.  \
I'll give you the option to fix this now.  \
You have a day, then I'll judge you somehow.  \
If I see you've changed and cherish your life  \
I'll happily let you stay with your wife."

Soon it was dark and the angel was gone.  \
There was a silhouette against the dawn.  \
I could hear weeping. On my cheek, a tear.  \
I just made her live through her greatest fear.  \
I then held her tightly and said, "I'm back.  \
I think now it's time to pick up the slack."

---

[Prompt: To be allowed into heaven, you must relive the day where you made your biggest mistake and correct it. You are certain you know what day that was, until you wake up on a random tuesday. With only one chance and 24 hours to go, time is of the essence!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/1frbo72/wpto_be_allowed_into_heaven_you_must_relive_the/)
