The year is 2222.
About 200 years ago, there was a war amidst a global pandemic, leading to the deployment of several atomic weapons and the complete and utter annihilation of the country of China.
Those who survived the war almost certainly did not survive it's aftermath.
Many countries, such as the United States and India lost 50% of their workforce and as the geopolitical powers shifted from this devastating loss, many became economically unstable.
The nuclear fallout mixed with the atmosphere causing extreme weather -- hurricanes were made of acid and wildfires were filled with toxic ash.
Farming was almost entirely impossible as there was no workable land and neither plants nor livestock could survive.

As the population dwindled further, scientists began devising schemes to keep humans alive without food or clean water.
They found a way to mix photosynthesizing nanocells in hair follicles, incorporate filters into the lungs and throat, and augment muscle fibers so they wouldn't atrophy without proper nutrition.
In small-scale mouse tests, they found that biological systems would reject any such changes unless incorporated in the embryonic stage of development; however, they also found that enhanced mice would propagate their enhancements on to the future generation.

After a lot of testing, they eventually generated a single shot they could give to expectant mothers to enhance their children.
It was touted as the "vaccine against aging" and everyone was encouraged to take it "not for themselves, but for their children and children's children!"

Initially, everything seemed fine.
Those who got the vaccine produced normal, healthy children -- albeit with white hair and slightly purple skin.
These children did not eat, could breathe in toxic environments, and were virtually immune to disease.
In the next 20 years, every eligible adult got the vaccine, convinced they were ushering in the next stage of human development; however, soon thereafter, people began to notice a fatal flaw in their vaccine against aging.

For some reason, humans born under the vaccine would remain sterile their entire lives.

This meant that humans have essentially brought about their own demise.
