The EDEN project


A few years ago, several scientists conceived of a project called Endogenous Decisions for Extrasensory Neuromanipulation or EDEN for short.
The goal was to allow a single person's internal decisions affect external matter.
It started off with an ambitious goal at the time: to allow individuals to move small nanomaterials around via EEG signals.
From there, it grew into something extraordinary.

It was soon found that by moving the nanomaterials in a particular way, EDENites could release certain types of atoms, and by connecting their neural implants to a supercomputer, it was possible for EDENites to create certain molecular structures.
Pushing further, the scientists devised a nanomaterial that had quick access to almost every element on the periodic table, and within the first year, a new breakthrough was made: with only hydrogen and oxygen at their disposal, EDENites could create water.

This was heralded as one of the greatest scientific achievements of the 21st century and inspired several countries to fund their own EDEN projects, leading to the widespread adoption of the technology.
Unfortunately, the project did not progress much further.
Though several EDENites could create small droplets of water, there simply was not enough computing power available to create more complicated molecular structures.
More than that, the project was attacked by both sides of the political aisle.
Liberals feared the carbon footprint due to the supercomputing emissions and conservatives were largely funded by those of faith who felt that the creation of new matter was the work of God, not humans.
Without results or political support, the EDEN project lost funding.

Almost all of the scientists working on the project abandoned the premise except one, a theorist named Dr. Jessica Jones
Throughout the next few years, Dr. Jones published a few more papers related to accelerated computing methods to allow for faster matter generation until she, too, sought other projects.
One day, near the end of Dr. Jones's scientific career, she posted a rather controversial paper on the ArXiv, "The generation of matter via an EDEN clone without conventional computing methods."

The paper proposed a radical new computing method where the brains of all EDENites were connected into a physical neural network used for all necessary computation.
One controversial limitation was that the EDEN subjects would require a large amount of neuroplasticity and thus must be assigned to the project from birth.
The obvious goal was to allow humans to generate matter without the carbon emissions from supercomputing centers; however, it was incredibly unethical and seemed borderline pseudo-science.
Even though it was only a theoretical proposal and clearly outlined the ethical ramifications of such a project in the paper, itself, when the public heard of the project, news spread quickly.
Within a week of the ArXiv listing, hundreds of concerned protesters swarmed her office, forcing her to step down from her position.

The paper was never peer reviewed and was taken off the ArXiv, only to be found on fringe, radical websites.

Within the next few years, an unknown company began buying many of the old EDEN centers and using them for their own research goals.

---

I will come back to this one.
I really like the set-up and can imagine going in the following directions:
1. A cult can be generated that gives their first born to the company in order for them to live in the garden of EDEN
2. Each child is given a box to live in and can generate literally anything they want from within the box
3. There is a "tree" in the center of each garden that will expel the subject from the project
4. If someone is rejected from the project, they are either:
	a. a genius due to the neural network
	b. a vegetable because they require the network to survive
	c. still connected to the network when they leave?
		* I would need to come up with some sort of telepathy angle for this

