I've been really tired lately.
I don't really know why, but when I wake up in the morning, I feel as if I hadn't slept at all.

I tried everything!
I started going to bed early and made sure I don't watch anything before laying down.
I would wake up later as well to wring out a few extra minutes of sleep every night.
I even changed my diet and started working out regularly.

One day, out of sheer desperation, I asked my doctor if we could to a simple sleep study.
A few weeks later, I found myself in a bed, dressed in a hospital gown with small electrodes hooked up to my head.
The nurse told me to do what I could to have a "normal" night's rest and in a matter of minutes, I was unconscious.

Several hours later, I found myself awake, but not in the bed I fell asleep in.
Instead, I was in the chair next to it.
Still groggy, I rubbed at my eyes and looked around.
The electrodes I had worn the night before were completely missing and the bed had been completely cleaned.
"Hello?" I called, "I'm awake now! Sorry, I seem to have moved around a bit in my sleep!"

I somewhat awkwardly stood and rummaged for my clothes, but couldn't find them anywhere.
Suddenly, the door swung open, revealing the nurse from the night before.
Her eyes opened wide when she saw me and she said, "Wait. How are you here?"

Confused, I asked, "What do you mean? I've been here all night, right?"

"I have been looking for you since 10:30 last night. I left your sleep study for a few minutes to tend to another patient and when I returned..." She shook her head, "Well, I thought you had woken up and walked out."

I thought for a bit and said, "Maybe sleep walking?"

"I thought that as well. I mean, you left all your stuff here as well, but after looking around everywhere, you were just completely gone." Her eyebrows furrowed a bit and she said, "Wait, come here. I have something to show you."

She led me to the monitoring room next door and motioned to one of the monitors.
She didn't say anything for a moment and began clicking through a series of folders before finding one with my patient ID and the date of the study.
A video opened up with 4 hours of content, but she quickly clicked on a particular timestamp at 10:30 PM.
She then said, "OK. I know this sounds weird, but here's what happened last night around 10:30..."

I saw myself sleeping with my head gear and gown.
After about a minute, she paused the video and said, "After this, there was a glitch..."
When she started the video again, I saw myself disappear.
"One moment, you were there. Another moment... Just gone."
She navigated to 10:31:47 and began pressing flipping between two frames, one where I was sleeping soundly, and another where I completely vanished.

"I don't think I understand. What's happening?"

She didn't look at me, but instead kept flipping between the frames. "Here's the really weird part. Look at the headset."
As she played the next few frames, the headset rolled a little, sinking towards the bed.
"I thought it was a glitch. I kept telling myself you had just gotten up to go to the bathroom and the camera skipped a minute or two, but why would the helmet move like that?"

She kept rewinding the footage and playing it back.

I began to feel strangely uncomfortable, and said, "I still don't know what you mean? I mean, couldn't the AC have moved it or something."

She shook her head without allowing her eyes to leave the video footage.
"It's like you literally disappeared. Just... gone in a single instant."
She sighed and looked at me. "I looked for you for another hour and then cleaned the room and turned the camera off. Your clothes are over there." She motioned to the corner of the room.

I slowly began getting dressed without saying a word.
The nurse kept scrubbing through the video, trying to figure out what happened.
I tried to signal to her and ask if I was free to go, but she was preoccupied with what she saw on her screen.

I cleared my throat and asked, "So what do we do next?"

"Well," she turned to me and shook her head a bit, "I don't know. I've never seen anything like this. At the very least we need to try this again another night."

I sighed, "I see."
If I'm honest, I didn't know what to think, so I just set up a new appointment and left.

Throughout the day, I kept feeling like something was off.
Like we had just scratched the surface of a far greater mystery.
Even if the camera had glitched, where had I gone to that night?

No matter the case, on the way home, I decided to stop by a local book store and bought a dream journal and textbook on lucid dreaming.

